I am a student from India studying in an Engineering College. My family income is low and it is just able to cover my college's annual fees(for that also my father had to take an educational loan). I also have two siblings who are currently in college/high school and it is very difficult to pay for their fees along with mine. I do not have any other source of income and thus it is really necessary for me to get the financial aid. I am a student,  therefore I do not have a job or any means to earn money. My college fee is high and it is tough for my parents to pay for this course along with mine and my siblings' college fee. I hope that after doing these courses I will be able to get a decent job and then I will definitely try to contribute in whatever way possible to help Coursera grow its reach. Whenever I get a job, I will definitely contribute to Coursera financially. I will spread Coursera's brand as a good-will ambassador.


This financial aid will help me take this course without bearing any extra burden on my parents as it is difficult to gather money for this every month after paying for basic essential needs. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation and will at the same time help me secure an internship by building a complete profile. I plan to and I believe I will complete all assignments before the deadlines and I also intend to participate in discussion forums which are also an integral part of the learning process.  I have been following Coursera since it's inception. This course will help me become a good Python Developer and will act as a crucial part to help me build up my profile for further job prospects. Ultimately this course will provide me an opportunity to become self-sufficient. I wish to contribute to the field of Machine Learning in the future but I currently don't have enough funds to learn the required skills. Once I complete this course I'll be able to support myself financially as well as contribute to the dynamic research that is happening in this field.


Currently, I am a student and hence I don't have any means of earning. I don't want to burden my parents as they already find it difficult to manage my as well as my siblings' fees. I'll be grateful if Coursera helps me in this difficult situation. If I am able to secure a financial aid I'll forever be indebted to Coursera and will try to contribute to its growth financially as soon as I start earning.
